as promised I'm back to deliver another
top-five support video for solo q this
is patch 4.3 team by the way and my name
is impact let's get it on first of all
it's going to be Zara she's just amazing
and every single yellow got a feel for
you Carrie done need engage well she
doesn't have that much range but she can
get you done need this engage done but
she really shines when she builds damage
a lot of people complained their ad
carry's aren't that good well guess what
build sorcerers shoes liandry's and
you're probably going to compensate for
his or her lack of damage easy annie is
going to be my second pick for the same
reasons as ira fault lines aren't as
strong early on as the used to be so it
gives any sometimes scale up she's still
good in 1v two scenarios she can still
deal a lot of damage engage disengage
peel and she's awesome against champions
with no escapes locked Oghma or twitch I
usually build search shoes and don't
forget that i'm talking about carrying
in solo queue here therefore i grasp and
i can literally one shot the enemy carry
from the get-go easy peasy lemon squeezy
my third pic is going to be Morgana
she's still too damn strong I'm actually
surprised she wasn't nerf dispatch the
black shield last for an eternity the
snare is too freaking long it's easy to
head thanks to it to miss our width and
range she deals in st. amounts of damage
he can peel amazingly well and she's
just a nuisance to play against
especially if you're trying to make
plays with something like a thresh her
bra my first pick is still Nami even
though she got hit but a bit dispatch
she's still great against every single
poke based length she can totally
denying engage from the enemy team she's
simply amazing at appealing and keeping
people alive she has the CC for the
pickoff slow for Harry to carry the prom
with Nami players at least in lower
tiers is that they really don't go as
aggressive as they should Nami can be
played from the back line but if you
don't give your ad carry some presence
in lane you can expect wind Elaine let
alone the game get some ad marks get a
level one and go nuts especially if
you've got something like a comma with
you my 5th Peck is not Thresh and
he's replacing Thresh simply because
he's not that great at getting kills
early on anymore if you don't agree with
this pic consider the fact that Thresh
is win rate was at forty-eight percent
last patch before the nerf hit he just
wasn't that great for solo q but this
champion might be this a lot of people
are playing more in mobile champions and
since Thresh's got nerfed maybe it's
time to bring the blood scratch out of
the closet superb pickoff of
capabilities his abilities cost less
mana since two patches ago you can even
dish out some crazy unexpected deeps if
you build them for that purpose I
usually go for talisman get forty
percent cooldown reduction as soon as
possible and I go ham there are too many
problems with blitz though if you're
playing against an experienced bottom
line you're laning phase won't be that
great but fret not your mid and late
game will still be awesome also Morgana
counters that crap out of this guy so
make sure you're not facing one before
you lock your pick also let's rank is
more of a killing type of support you
may be facing a mobile squishy champions
but if your ad carry doesn't have a lot
of burst you will need multiple grabs to
get the kill zoning people out after the
first grab is going to be your focus not
get kills at least not during the laning
phase Rome help your teammates word
remove words and blitz can become an
amazing champion to play and a deadly
one too these are my top five picks for
this patch guys hope you enjoyed this
video hit that subscribe button once or
for all if we still haven't subscribed
and you can also follow me on Facebook
and Twitter or even at twitch if you
want to join the bronze to diamond one
challenge on stream see you guys next
video pizza
you